Zhu Yihai
I just wanted to help you
I just wanted to tell you
It's not just Qian Huilian and Wei Wei who can help you
I, Qiao Lili, can too
Lili, you're not worthless
Everything you've done means a lot to me
Lili, you know what?
I'm not Zhu Yihai
I'm Zhu Chaoyang
You're the only one who cares what I eat every day
and what I wear every day
When I'm hurt
you're the one I want to see the most
You make me feel cared for
And how wonderful it is to be looked after
Zhu Yihai, stop talking
Lili
I love you
If I could
I wish I could be the man you imagine me to be
Do you remember your dream?
Me?
What dream could I possibly have?
Just don't do anything stupid. Stay safe
So this is what a Heart flutter feels like
It's the first time I've ever felt Warmth
Warmth
Zhu Yihai
Aren't you the one who gave me Warmth too?
After that incident
everyone was saying
that I, Qiao Lili, am a tainted woman
Only you were willing to Fight injustice for me
But you shouldn't have lied to me
I could've lived forever
in that bleak world
Barely surviving
But you can't fool me with fake Warmth
It's Addictive
If you look down on me
you shouldn't have helped me in the first place
You shouldn't have made me think of you every second
When did I ever look down on you?
Then how did you treat me, Zhu Yihai?
You pushed me away
I love you
Do you know how much courage
I had to muster up that night?
A living, breathing Qiao Lili like me
can never compare to that Qian Huilian
Fine
Since that's how it is
it's time for me to bow out
Zhu Yihai
Give me the Transfer Agreement
and the Giant Wood Group is yours
What do you want?
Everything Long Xiao has
This is my final gift to you
You call this a gift?
A massive Giant Wood Group
can't even buy your love?
Do you know what'll happen if Long Xiao and his backers
get hold of Aimin Street?
I know
But I don't care about them
The one I care about is you
I care about you too
But if I'm not with Qian Huilian
there's no future for me
Qian Huilian again
Fine
I'll step aside for you two
Give me the Transfer Agreement
I'm taking back this gift
If you're not willing
I can help you
What's this?
That's all public funds.
Embezzlement of public funds
will land you in jail.
Let's see where you can run now.
Dali.
Throw that bag down to me.
Here.
Well done, Qiao Lili.
You were already setting a trap back then.
I just thought at the time
that if this got you involved,
I could use this photo to clear your name.
But I never expected, Zhu Yihai...
You forced my hand.
What do you want?
First,
hand over the Aimin Street Transfer Agreement,
or else,
I'll turn in this photo of Xiong Dali stealing
and let him rot in jail.
Long Xiao is the one who set up Xiong Dali.
I know.
But that photo doesn't show that.
Embezzlement of public funds is no small charge.
It was you.
I didn't expect you were the one who framed my father.
How could I have fallen for you?
I won't use the future of every worker at the factory
to make a deal with you.
Hand over the Aimin Street Transfer Agreement,
or else,
I'll turn in this photo of Xiong Dali stealing
and let him rot in jail.
And this recording
will be evidence of you threatening others.
The evidence you destroyed about Secretary Yu before
is still on my phone.
I'll hand it to the police tomorrow too.
If you did wrong, you must face the consequences.
Zhu Yihai, you say you love me
while keeping your guard up against me.
I'm not guarding against you.
This is my way of telling you,
Qiao Lili,
wrong is wrong.
We have to face it bravely.
Every cop in the city is looking for me now.
Come turn yourself in with me tomorrow.
Don't worry.
I, Zhu Chaoyang, won't leave you.
Qiao Lili agreed to turn herself in with me.
The hospital also notified me
that my mother woke up.
You scared me!
What are you doing?
Huilian.
Happy birthday.
What's this about, Zhu Yihai?
I'm celebrating your birthday.
All these years you've been working overtime,
or sticking up for other people.
How come now you suddenly remember
to celebrate my birthday?
You actually remembered our promise.
Only now do I realize
how much Zhu Yihai loves you.
You're not going after your Qiao Lili?
Without you, there's no me.
Hurry up and make a wish.
Otherwise it'll burn my hand.
Happy birthday to you.
Huilian.
Happy birthday.
You prepared this too?
Today's New Year's Day.
I was just going to say we set this up specially.
Huilian.
It's New Year's Day.
Can you promise me one thing?
Go on, say it.
Wait for me to come back.
Are you sure?
Of course.
Someone has to take the fall for this.
Zhu Yihai.
Long Xiao's ledger has been turned in.
Secretary Yu behind him got arrested too.
After Secretary Yu went down,
private investors are willing to back our factory.
Our factory's saved.
You can definitely do it.
A top student like you can definitely manage the factory well.
Dahai.
My eye surgery has been scheduled too.
Don't worry.
You jerk.
I'm sorry, everyone.
I'm turning myself in.
Bro.
Be a man.
It's done.
Huilian.
I'm sorry.
You might not see me for a while.
I'll wait for you.
I'm off.
See you later, Brother Hai.
Zhu Yihai!
Zhu Chaoyang!
My brother may have wronged your sister,
but I can't let you touch my brother.
Brother Hai, you guys go first.
These small fry,
I can handle them.
Hurry, go!
If I weren't sharp,
I'd think you really had a Heart flutter.
Just you wait.
No way we're letting him take the factory.
Come on.
Let's dance.
I'm at least head of security, you know.
Pin him down!
Get him!
Your good days end today.
Who the hell are you?
Your nemesis.
Yihai!
Hang in there!
What could possibly happen to you, Zhu Yihai?
You've got money for massage parlors,
but no money to pay me back, huh?
What's between us
isn't something so easily settled.
That sixty thousand yuan debt
was purely an excuse.
Who's your brother?
See you around.
Huilian.
What's wrong with you?
Thank God.
Mom, you're not dead!
What are you talking about, you silly kid?
Mom...
I had such a long, long dream.
Let go.
I don't want to.
Let go!
Why are you so excited?
Does Mom look pretty today?
Yeah, pretty.
Beautiful, huh?
Beautiful.
What if I put on these little shades?
Super stylish!
Super stylish, huh?
Let's go, get in the car.
Let's go.
Come on, let's pick up your dad from prison.
What are you here for?
Picking this kid up from school.
It wasn't easy.
You're finally out.
Tonight, Seafood Tower.
I'll set it up.
To hell with Seafood Tower.
Didn't you say your wife's dumpling filling is delicious?
Let's just go to your place for some dumplings.
Alright.
I'll go pick up my grandson first,
then bring him to see you.
Sure.
See you tonight.
Okay.
You little devil.
Get your butt over here already.
Aren't you cold, dressed like that?
What's with all the mushy stuff?
What, you got a problem with it?
Chaoyang, come here.
Dad.
Speak up.